Chuck Norris once heard that nothing can kill him, so he tracked down nothing and killed it.
While other children were playing in sand, Chuck was playing in concrete.
Why hasn't a video game been made about Chuck Norris? Simple: nobody controls Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can finish an entire bottle of milk in 5 seconds. Using a fork.
Chuck Norris makes fire by rubbing 2 ice cubes together.
Chuck Norris doesn't worry about high gas prices. His vehicles run on fear.
Chuck Norris has a diary. It's called the Guinness Book of World Records.
When Chuck Norris was born he drove his mom home from the hospital.
Chuck Norris once single handedly killed 97 Afghan terrorists using his M-16 assault rifle. Then he flipped off the safety switch and shot 500 more of them.
There once was a street called Chuck Norris, but the name was changed for public safety because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris once fought superman. The loser had to wear his underwear over his pants.
The First Law of Thermodynamics states that energy can neither be created nor destroyed... unless it meets Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris invented Chuck Norris jokes, but he never submitted any because Chuck Norris submits to no one.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade and killed 50 people, then it exploded.
Big foot claims he saw Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris counted to infinity. Twice.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When a zombie apocalypse starts, Chuck Norris doesn't try to survive. The zombies do.
Chuck Norris narrates Morgan Freeman's life.
Obama said, "Yes we can." Chuck Norris says, "I already did.".
Chuck Norris can pick oranges from an apple tree and make the best lemonade youve ever tasted.
Chuck Norris can hear sign language.
Cars look both ways before Chuck Norris crosses the street.
Chuck Norris can drift on a horse.
Chuck Norris can make a happy meal cry.
It is considered a great accomplishment to go down Niagara Falls in a wooden barrel. Chuck Norris can go up Niagara Falls in a cardboard box.
Once a cobra bit Chuck Norris' leg. After five days of excruciating pain, the cobra died.
Chuck Norris doesn't cheat death. He wins fair and square.
Chuck Norris once robbed a gun store with a knife.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack... even a heart isnt foolish enough to attack Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris beat the sun in a staring contest.
Giraffes were created when Chuck Norris uppercutted a horse.
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was in middle school, his English teacher assigned an essay: "What is courage?" He received an A+ for turning in a blank page with only his name at the top.
There is no theory of evolution, just a list of creatures Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris can kill your imaginary friends.
Chuck Norris once went to mars. Thats why there are no signs of life.
The reason the Holy Grail has never been recovered is because nobody is brave enough to ask Chuck Norris to give up his favourite coffee mug.
When Bruce Banner gets mad he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad he turns into Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris gets mad, run.
Chuck Norris is the reason Waldo is hiding.
Chuck Norris is the only person that can punch a cyclops between the eye.
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick, but Jack still couldn't dodge Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris can strangle you with a cordless phone.
Chuck Norris was once on Celebrity Wheel of Fortune and was the first to spin. The next 29 minutes of the show consisted of everyone standing around awkwardly, waiting for the wheel to stop.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer. Too bad he has never cried.
Chuck Norris' calendar goes straight from March 31st to April 2nd. No one fools Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris wrecked his bicycle and skinned the sidewalk with his knee.
Chuck Norris's computer has no "backspace" button, Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.
Chuck can set ants on fire with a magnifying glass. At night.
Chuck Norris makes onions cry.
Chuck Norris tells Simon what to do.
Chuck Norris knows Victoria's secret.
Chuck Norris's Blood Type is AK-47.
When Chuck Norris enters a room, he doesn't turn the lights on, he turns the dark off.
M.C. Hammer learned the hard way that Chuck Norris can touch this.
Chuck Norris plays russian roulette with a fully loded revolver... and wins.
Chuck Norris can build a snowman out of rain.
Chuck Norris was once charged with three attempted murders in Boulder County, but the Judge quickly dropped the charges because Chuck Norris does not "attempt" murder.
Bill Gates lives in constant fear that Chuck Norris' PC will crash.
Chuck Norris is the only person on the planet that can kick you in the back of the face.
Chuck Norris' dog is trained to pick up his own poop because Chuck Norris will not take shit from anyone.
Leading hand sanitizers claim they can kill 99.9 percent of germs. Chuck Norris can kill 100 percent of whatever the hell he wants.
Chuck Norris can do a wheelie on a unicycle.
Chuck refers to himself in the fourth person.
Chuck Norris doesn't have good aim. His bullets just know better than to miss.
Mistakes learn from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can dial your phone number on the microwave.
Chuck Norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back.
Brett Favre can throw a football over 50 yards. Chuck Norris can throw Brett Favre even further.
When Chuck Norris gives you the finger, he's telling you how many seconds you have left to live.
Chuck Norris can speak braille.
Chuck Norris puts the "laughter" in "manslaughter".
Chuck actually died four years ago, but the Grim Reaper can't get up the courage to tell him.
Chuck Norris once bowled a perfect game with a marble.
Chuck Norris beat Halo 1, 2, and 3 on Legendary with a broken Guitar Hero controller.
Chuck Norris can hit you so hard your blood will bleed.
Chuck Norris sleeps with a pillow under his gun.
Chuck Norris doesn't play "hide-and-seek." He plays "hide-and-pray-I-don't-find-you."
Death once had a near-Chuck-Norris experience.
If it looks like chicken, tastes like chicken, and feels like chicken but Chuck Norris says its beef, then it's beef.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
Chuck Norris can unscramble an egg.
Chuck Norris entered American Idol and won the X-Factor.
Chuck Norris doesnt wear a watch. He decides what time it is.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris. The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
The real reason Hitler killed himself is because he found out that Chuck Norris is Jewish.
Chuck Norris CAN find the end of a circle.
Chuck Norris can drown a fish.
The reason newborn babies cry is because they know they have just entered a world with Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris runs Windows Vista on his Etch-a-Sketch.
Some kids piss their name in the snow. Chuck Norris can piss his name into concrete.
Chuck Norris can divide by roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris once robbed himself and doubled his profit.
Chuck Norris can literally throw a party.
It takes Chuck Norris 15 seconds to cook Minute Rice.
Chuck Norris once walked into a sauna. The sauna couldn't take the heat.
The saddest moment for a child is not when he learns Santa Claus isn't real, it's when he learns Chuck Norris is.
The only time Chuck Norris was wrong was when he thought he had made a mistake.
The best part of waking up is not Folgers in your cup, but knowing that Chuck Norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
Chuck Norris can delete the Recycling Bin.
